# My Project

With tremendous increase in technology, information technology is a fast developing field. Technology which is in vogue today might become redundant tomorrow. This ever changing scenario makes it possible to provide the latest and most modern IT solutions to various business and institutions.

I am doing my project on Garbage Management System. There is the need for efficient management of a network based system for handling garbage material.

This project is an endeavor to provide a solution to this. The proposed system enables an administrator to keep track of seller orders and maintaining records of the seller and servicer. We can view the garbage collected by the servicer. We can also view the reports generated by him and can also sent approvals or rejections instantly.

Thus the project is a sincere effort in simplifying the task of administrators in an easily usable format.
I finalized to make this project and hence planned to develop this system.


#SOFTWARE DESCRIPTION


Operating System : Windows 10
Front- End : C#. NET with ASP. NET
Back- End : MS SQL SERVER-2008

Project will be done in ASP.NET with c#.NET 4.5 as front end and MS SQL SERVER as back end. Microsoft .NET is software that connects information, people, systems and devices. It spans clients, servers and developer tools and consists of:

--> The .NET Framework programming model that enables developers to build Web-based applications which expose their functionality programmatically over a network using standard protocols such as SOAP and HTTP.

--> Developer tools such as Microsoft Visual Studio .NET, which provide a rapid application integrated development environment for programming with the .NET Framework.

--> A set of servers including Microsoft Windows 10, Microsoft SQL, Server and Microsoft BizTalk Server that integrates, runs, operates and manages XML Web services and applications.

--> Client software such as Windows XP, Windows CE and Microsoft Office XP that helps developers deliver a deep and compelling user experience across a family of devices and existing products.
    The .NET Framework is the programming model of the .NET environment for building, deploying and running Web- based applications, smart client applications and XML Web services. It manages much of the plumbing, enabling developers to focus on writing the business logic code for their applications. The .NET Framework includes the common language runtime and class libraries.

